Jingoes done downloading and Stalag but I'm just going to and Schertz installed correctly.
Go back tiered Django tutorial page and copy Python C import and go print and go dog version paste that
into your bash console.
Press enter.
I see one point 7.2.
Therefore no change.
Version 1 point 7.2 has been successfully installed into my virtual environment.
I'm going to create a new Gengel project type Django dash Armento IPY start project and I'll be calling
this project try and go.
But you could call it whatever you like.
Press enter and not just go projects being created.
Open a new tab with your dashboard for this time go to files.
And I could see my new Gengel project called Try Django and then there's another folder called Try Django
and there's a setting stop why file in it.
So click on that.
The great thing about Python anywhere is that it has a built in text editor.
This means you can build entire site from Python anywhere.
In my studies IPY file is a few things I could change.
One of them is my database escalatory but the Django tutorial recommends you use escalatory.
So I'll just leave it as is for now.
The other thing you can change is your time zone but I'll just leave it as is.
Anytime you make changes in Python anywhere make sure you save because otherwise your changes won't
come through.
So if I go back to the Django tutorial I'm going to explain to you the major difference between developing
on line with Python anywhere and developing on my local machine.
So the major difference is don't try and run Python managed all.
Why run server in future videos.
I'll be running this command.
Python managed shoppy Why run server but you won't have to do this with Python anywhere because your
sites already live and pite on any servers aren't set up to use that command.
Instead of show you what you'll do.
So if you go back to the tutorial I need to create a new webapp.
So I'll open a new dashboard and go to a web and I could delete this one so I'll click.
I added new webapp.
The one I just deleted I'd made before.
Click on new webapp and click next.
Then go to manual configuration and I'll be using Python 2.7.
So when I click Next again
there we go.
Now I'm taken to the web configuration page
so the next thing I need to do is configure this webpage I need to make my virtual environment path
go back to the Jane go to Tauriel and copy their example path
go back to the webapp configuration page and paste in that path.
But instead of my username I'll paste in my real username which is Archie and then ahu that checkmark.
OK.
So that virtual vibrant path.
That's good.
The last thing I need to do before this Django project is up and running is configure my WSG file.
So click on your file and will be using Django.
So that's the only one I really need so I could delete everything from 9:52 flask all the way down the
line 115 and then I could also delete everything on top and go just to clean it up a little bit.
And then I'll start on coalmining what I need.
So in Calment in port OS in port s y s o uncomment this path
everything with the one hash is where any in a comment and then I'll be using Django 1.7.
So of uncomment that one here and now on.
And the last oh you click save but the last thing I need to do is change my path because as you see
here they're assuming it's going to home nurturing my site saying Stop white.
But as I showed you before it's actually going to home nurture.
Try Django try Django sending stuff he y.
So I'll change that.
And where did you change that.
It's here.
So try Shingo Stosh try and go
and then connected the settings file.
Oh we all need one.
Because the other one goes down here charging go toward settings so have it set up just like this.
Click save.
And once it saves it should be ready to go.
Just make sure there's no problems.
OK.
Looking good.
Hardly any problems if there were.
So if I go back to my dashboard back to the Web tab and this is a very important thing whenever you
make a change on pite on anywhere wherever you change a file save a new file and you want to see the
changes come through.
You have to reload your site.
So click this big green button and let it reload.
And then once it's done I can follow this link and I'll see that my Gengel project is up and running.
There you go.
It worked.
Congratulations on your first Django card page.
Now that you have jingoes set up and working on Python anywhere you're ready to follow me step by step
as I build and launch a site that accepts payments with.
Thank you for joining me in the next one.
One quick thing to note if you're going to be using a free Python anywhere account to take this course.
Everything in this course will work perfectly on a free Python anywhere account except using striped
Python anywhere has a policy where Strype API calls will not go through unless you pay for at least
a $5 amount plan.
I guess their belief is that if you're going to be making money they want a little bit of money as well.
I really apologize that the strike portion won't work on the free account but everything else will work.
And if you fall along with me you'll have all the skills you need to accept payments with.
When the time being comes that you need to.